Typically, I (db, GSI) patch DIM when making a new release for the dimWrapper that is
required for the LabVIEw-DIM interface. This is only required when switching to a new
DIM version. This document just serves to remind me how to do this. Users might have to
look into this only in exceptional cases. In case of questions or remarks please
contact me (d.beck@gsi.de) - thanks.

DIM has to be patched due to the following reasons

a) LabVIEW uses Motorola endian on Intel CPUs

b) When using LabVIEW it is often convenient to subscribe to a service published
by the same LabVIEw instance. This is undocumented DIM feature that typically works
provided that the size of the service is smaller than the TCP_RCV_BUF_SIZE.
Therefore TCP_RCV_BUF_SIZE is increased to 256k.

c) In order to see the patched DIM version the DIM version number is changed to the
format NNNNMM, where NNNN is the DIM version number and MM is the number of the patch.

d) The use of PHARLAP requires some additional patches.

How to to patch DIM

1) Read the release notes of DIM
2) Copy the Visual Studio project files to the ".../visual" folder of DIM
3) Open the copied project file dimStdLabVIEW.vcproj in with Visual Studio.
4) Open the patched files of the old version in a simple text editor like notepad
5) Search the patched files for the keywords:
-- LABVIEWGSI <-- LabVIEW specific
-- PHARLAP <-- additaion stuff for PharLap (LabVIEW RT)
-- dietrich <-- probably the easiest key word to search for...
6) Transfer the patches by copying them to the corresponding files opened with Visual Studio.
7) Rebuild the shared library with Visual Studio

then

8) Open the copied project file dimStdPharLap.vcproj in with Visual Studio.
9) Rebuild the shared library with Visual Studio

then

10) Copy the changed source and header files from the Windows machine to Linux.
11) Re-make the shared library for Linux (hm..., I added "#define LABVIEWGSI" to dim.h).

then
12) Copy the shared library files created to the ../../bin folder (relative to the
DimWrapper folder).
13) It might be a good idea to recompile the DimWrapper stuff be sure about
correct version numbers and so on...
14) check that everything works...

and finally
15) Copy the patched files of the new DIM version back to THIS folder so that they
can serve as a starting point for the next patching procedure (or can be used directly
when patching the same version of DIM again.)

REMARK:
It seems to be much better to use the dimVS10.sln file from the Visual folder of DIM as a starting point!!


